hey guys Sylvia Perez here welcome to
today's video in this video I'm gonna
show you how you can go ahead and set up
structured snippet extensions so to get
started just go ahead and hop into your
Google ads campaign and then in the
campaign overview tab click on the
campaign that you want to access that
you want to add the structure to extend
but extensions for a shortcut that you
can do is just if you go ahead and you
press G and then X on your keyboard
it'll jump you right to the extensions
tab so it's a little shortcut for you
but I want to go ahead and click on the
tutorial campaign because I only want to
create ad extensions for this campaign
the structured snippets so to get
started you're probably gonna see
something like this you can just go
ahead and scroll to the bottom click
create ad extension and if not then
you'll see this page right here
and then you just can go ahead and click
on that blue plus sign and then your
scroll down to structured snippet and
then we'll be able to create these
structured snippet extensions now to be
first and foremost before we get into
like actually what to write let's talk
about what structured snippet extensions
are and all structured snippet extensive
extensions are extensions it's a
tongue-twister all these extensions do
is they highlight different aspects of
your service of your business all right
so let's kind of look at the drop-down
menu so we get a better understanding so
if there's different amenities you offer
you can use snippet extensions to
highlight those different amenities
different brands different courses maybe
you're into an education provider
different degree programs if you're a
school destinations maybe you're a
travel provider featured hotels
insurance coverages models neighborhoods
Service Catalog
shows styles types so the most common
one is most likely going to be Service
Catalog
and those will just be different
services that you offer within your
business but structured snippet
extensions are an amazing extension type
to use to really give people more
information on when they're searching so
let's go ahead and go with Service
Catalog and you can see here under
values this is where you're gonna go and
type in the different services you offer
so I'll just kind of go with the Google
example here so we'll say oil change and
then smog check and then so on and so
forth and then you can add
more extensions and you can add as many
I think goes up to ten one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten yep
ten so you can add up this ten snippet
extensions which should be more than
plenty so that's up to ten different
service offerings that you can showcase
in your snippet extensions another thing
as well is you if you go to Advanced
Options you can also put a preference so
if you only want to show it to multiple
devices you have that ability as well as
maybe you're only going to run this
snippet extension for a certain amount
of time maybe because you're only
offering a special type of promotion or
something a special type of service
offering you can go ahead and schedule
that here with the start date and the
end date you can also add its own add
schedule as well so you can get very
specific on when you're gonna show these
service offerings with the snippet
extensions most of the times from my
experience I haven't really had to use
the the at the ad scheduling for the
snippet extension and and get very
granular it's usually more at the
campaign level I'll do the ad scheduling
but if you are more seasonal business if
you're running a lot of sales or if your
service offering is changing a lot more
frequently then that might be a feature
that you definitely want to take
advantage of now you can see here in the
display feed right here this gives you
an example of what the snippet extension
looks like so you can see it kind of
repeats I want to tell you real quick a
little hack you can do if in the case
that you do not have enough space to
list out all the service offerings that
you want to put in your snippet
extensions so you can list up to ten but
let's say ten isn't enough for you so a
little hack you can do is you can add
them together so for example let's say I
need another space and I but I want to
also make sure I have oil change and
smog check so what I can do is I can
just go here on oil change type in comma
smog check and as long as I'm within
that twenty-five character limit I'll be
able to show that so that's a little
hack you can do to be able to add more
service offerings into your snippet
extension so you can go ahead and take
advantage of that and you can see how
that will be displayed here on the
right-hand side now I want to go ahead
and show you guys a real-life example to
of a snippet extension so
you just go to Google and let's just
search structured snippets just so we
can get like a visual of some ads that
are running so you can guys can see so
looking at this is an image from word
stream so credit to word stream this is
an example of a structured snippet in
the Google ad service feed so you can
see here services and then it has these
different services right here so that'll
give you an idea of what it will look
like on a live ad another thing you guys
can do as well if you want to see
whether or not your snippet extensions
are being shown in the search results
page you can use go to tools and then
click on ad preview and diagnosis and
then just go ahead and type in one of
your keywords make sure you're in a
location that you're targeting and then
you can see whether or not your
extensions are being shown for your
search results also keep in mind that
sometimes it varies depending on on the
result in the query and all the
advertisers on whether or not your
extensions will be shown but this is a
great way to kind of double-check that
everything's working properly and it
looks alright
and then last but not least always make
sure that when you do create your
extensions that they're actually
approved so once we create an extension
Google's gonna go ahead and put that
extension under an approval review and
then just make sure to double check that
it did get approved and everything is is
working smoothly so that's it for this
video guys if you have any questions
please do feel free to let me know and
go ahead and follow along and subscribe
to the channel if you got some value
from this video I post content every
week and I'll see you next time take
care
[Music]